QSTH-211 Add missing content for new features (#58)
upstash/docs: _snippets/qstash-message-type.mdx

  The topic name if this message was sent to a topic.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="endpointName" type="string">

>   The endpointName of the message if the endpoint is given a name withing the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The endpoint name of the message if the endpoint is given a name within the topic.
```
